some 32 a psalm of david a contemplation
blessed is he whose transgression is
forgiven whose sin is covered blessed is
the man to whom the Lord does not impute
iniquity and in whose spirit there is no
deceit when I kept silent my bones grew
old through my groaning all the day long
for day and night your hand was heavy
upon me my vitality was turned into the
drought of summer I acknowledged my sin
to you and my iniquity I have not hidden
I said I will confess my transgressions
to the Lord and you forgave the iniquity
of my sin for this cause everyone who is
godly shall pray to you in a time when
you may be found surely in a flood of
Great Waters they shall not come near
him you are my hiding place you shall
preserve me from trouble you shall
surround me with songs of deliverance I
will instruct you and teach you in the
way you should go I will guide you with
my I do not be like the horse or like
the mule which have no understanding
which must be harnessed with bit and
bridle else they will not come near you
many sorrows shall be to the wicked but
he who trusts in the Lord mercy shall
surround him be glad in the Lord and
rejoice you righteous and shout for joy
all you upright in heart
[Music]